But he got his chance in the Italian's next service game, with Sinner tamely handing over victory with a double fault on Djokovic's first match point. It was a far cry from the Italian's performance against the Serb on Tuesday, when a victory in three sets ended Djokovic's 19-match winning streak. But this was also a different Djokovic to then, with the Serb building on the brilliant performance he put in against world number two Carlos Alcaraz in Saturday's semi-finals to deliver an outstanding display underpinned by him winning a huge 91% of first-serve points. "The way Carlos and Jannik have been playing, I had to step it up," said Djokovic, who must now surely go into next season as favorite to dominate yet again and strive for yet more records. Djokovic hits another milestone in a record-setting year. This year has been full of records for Djokovic and so it seems only fitting that his tour season should end with another at an event where he was already its oldest champion. Sunday's victory pulled him ahead of Federer for titles won at the ATP Finals, while he was confirmed as year-end men's world number one for a record-extending eighth time earlier in the tournament. This year he also surpassed Steffi Graf's record for the most weeks spent at the top of the singles rankings, with his tally now about to stand at 400 from Monday. Djokovic won three of this season's four Grand Slam singles titles to overtake Rafael Nadal's men's tally of 22 and draw level with Australian Margaret Court's all-time record of 24. That included a record-extending 10th title at the Australian Open - which is where in January he will get the chance to become the outright record holder with a 25th major. His French Open victory in June made him the only man to win a career Grand Slam - all four major titles - three times. And this year he also set a record for most Grand Slam final appearances with 36, two more than Chris Evert's previous mark, and earlier this month he won a record-extending seventh Paris Masters trophy for a record-extending 40th Masters title. But he got his chance in the Italian's next service game, with Sinner tamely handing over victory with a double fault on Djokovic's first match point. It was a far cry from the Italian's performance against the Serb on Tuesday, when a victory in three sets ended Djokovic's 19-match winning streak. But this was also a different Djokovic to then, with the Serb building on the brilliant performance he put in against world number two Carlos Alcaraz in Saturday's semi-finals to deliver an outstanding display underpinned by him winning a huge 91% of first-serve points. "The way Carlos and Jannik have been playing, I had to step it up," said Djokovic, who must now surely go into next season as favorite to dominate yet again and strive for yet more records. Djokovic hits another milestone in a record-setting year. This year has been full of records for Djokovic and so it seems only fitting that his tour season should end with another at an event where he was already its oldest champion. Sunday's victory pulled him ahead of Federer for titles won at the ATP Finals, while he was confirmed as year-end men's world number one for a record-extending eighth time earlier in the tournament. This year he also surpassed Steffi Graf's record for the most weeks spent at the top of the singles rankings, with his tally now about to stand at 400 from Monday. Djokovic won three of this season's four Grand Slam singles titles to overtake Rafael Nadal's men's tally of 22 and draw level with Australian Margaret Court's all-time record of 24. That included a record-extending 10th title at the Australian Open - which is where in January he will get the chance to become the outright record holder with a 25th major. His French Open victory in June made him the only man to win a career Grand Slam - all four major titles - three times. And this year he also set a record for most Grand Slam final appearances with 36, two more than Chris Evert's previous mark, and earlier this month he won a record-extending seventh Paris Masters trophy for a record-extending 40th Masters title.