Holger Rune says has "very good dreams" of lifting the French Open trophy after advancing to the fourth round of this year's tournament. The Danish sixth seed, regarded as one of the contenders for the title, beat Argentina's Genaro Alberto Olivieri 6-4 6-1 6-3 to advance. "I love to sleep - I probably sleep around nine to 13 hours if I can," the 20-year-old said. "When you actually make the dreams into a reality, it feels even better." Last year's finalist Casper Ruud rallied from a set down to beat China's Zhang Zhizhen, but ninth seed Taylor Fritz, of the USA, lost to Argentine Francisco Cerundolo. Norwegian Ruud and Rune are on course to meet in the quarter-finals in a repeat of last year's tournament. Ruud beat Rune last year at Roland Garros but Rune won their most recent encounter at the Rome Masters earlier in May and has been in good form this year. He came into his match after a three-day break, having advanced to the third round via a walkover when France's Gael Monfils withdrew shortly before their match. "Sometimes I have very good dreams that I stand there with the trophy and stuff but then when you wake up, you're like 'oh, I'm just in bed'," he said. Swiatek earns double bagel at Roland Garros as Gauff beats Andreeva. I play tennis to raise money for Ukraine – Tsurenko. Rybakina withdraws from Roland Garros through illness. What else happened on day seven? Rune will now face Cerundolo, who overcame a nervy start to knock out Fritz. The American was booed by the French crowd as he came on court following similar scenes when he motioned them to be quiet during his second-round match against France's Arthur Rinderknech. Fritz is the fifth top-10 men's seed to be knocked out of the French Open in the opening week. Former world number two Alexander Zverev outlasted American 12th seed Frances Tiafoe 3-6 7-6 (7-3) 6-1 7-6 (7-5) to reach the fourth round. The German, seeded 22nd, is making his return to Grand Slam tennis after tearing multiple ligaments in his right ankle during last year's Roland Garros semi-final against Rafael Nadal. There was a contentious moment in the second-set tie-break when umpire Arnaud Gabbas refused to come down from the chair to check a line call after Tiafoe questioned a call of "out". The call give Zverev set point, which he promptly took before going on to win the next two sets and set up a fourth-round meeting with Grigor Dimitrov. Norway's Ruud, meanwhile, will next face Nicolas Jarry after the Chilean beat American Marcos Giron 6-2 6-2 6-7 (7-9) 6-3. Argentina's Tomas Martin Etcheverry reached the third round of a Grand Slam for the first time with a 6-3 7-6 (7-5) 6-2 over Croatian 15th seed Borna Coric, while Japan's Yoshihito Nishioka ended qualifier Thiago Seyboth Wild's run. Brazil's Seyboth Wild knocked out second seed Daniil Medvedev in the first round but he could not stop Nishioka fighting back to win 3-6 7-6 (10-8) 2-6 6-4 6-0. Bulgaria's Dimitrov advanced to the fourth round for just the second time in his career, beating Germany's Daniel Altmaier 6-4 6-3 6-1.